docs: clarify some +error.svelte behavior (#8485)
sveltejs/kit: documentation/docs/20-core-concepts/10-routing.md

SvelteKit will 'walk up the tree' looking for the closest error boundary — if the file above didn't exist it would try `src/routes/blog/+error.svelte` and then `src/routes/+error.svelte` before rendering the default error page. If _that_ fails (or if the error was thrown from the `load` function of the root `+layout`, which sits 'above' the root `+error`), SvelteKit will bail out and render a static fallback error page, which you can customise by creating a `src/error.html` file.

> If the error occurs inside a `load` function in `+layout(.server).js`, the closest error boundary in the tree is a `+error.svelte` file above that layout, not next to it.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If the error occurs inside a `load` function in `+layout(.server).js`, the closest error boundary in the tree is an `+error.svelte` file _above_ that layout (not next to it).
```

> If no route can be found (404), the default error page in `src/routes/+error.svelte` will be used.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If no route can be found (404), `src/routes/+error.svelte` (or the default error page, if that file does not exist) will be used.
```
